Add `docs` section to pull request template (#79361)
kubernetes/kubernetes: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

```release-note

```
<!--

> **Additional documentation, like links to enhancement proposals (KEP)**:

Reviewer: Should this line be a part of the comment too?

Author: I think so, adding further documentation is not an optional step. :)

Reviewer: The problem is, because it's inside the comment, nobody will see it. The comment is only for instructions.

Author: Alright, changed it that we only comment the actual instructions.

Please use the following format for linking documentation: `- [DESCRIPTION] [LINK]`
```docs

> - Relevant KEP https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/...

Reviewer 2: Haven't actually seen the code diff in k/release yet, but would it be useful to have a delimiter between `[DESCRIPTION]` and `[LINK]` to come to know when the description ends and when the link begins? Kinda rare, but I'm wondering what would happen if a description has a link... :thinking: 

Also, can we have multiple links for one description? I'm asking this from a completely noob perspective :) .. for example, I wouldn't know if I'm allowed to do a `Related doc PRs <link> <link> <link>`.

Author: I created a follow up PR for stripping away separators like `-` and `:` here: https://github.com/kubernetes/release/pull/748 This should solve the delimiter problem :)

Hm, multiple links to a single entry are currently not supported, for that we would have to create a new line, which equals a new entry. What works is omiting the description, like:
```docs
- https://google.com
```

```release-note

```

**Additional documentation, like links to enhancement proposals (KEP)**:

<!--
Please use the following format for linking documentation or pass the

> section below: `- [DESCRIPTION]: [LINK]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
section below:
- [DESCRIPTION]: [LINK]
```

Author: Changed as suggested.

```release-note

```

> **Additional documentation, like links to enhancement proposals (KEP)**:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**Additional documentation e.g., KEPs (Kubernetes Enhancement Proposals), usage docs, etc.**:
```

Author: :+1:

<!--

> This section can be blank if you don't provide a release note.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This section can be blank if this pull request does not require a release note.
```

Please use the following format for linking documentation or pass the
section below:

> - [DESCRIPTION]: [LINK]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [KEP]: <link>
- [Usage]: <link>
- [Other doc]: <link>
```
